[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Joshua P. Warren, a
dear friend, with us.
He's been investigating the
paranormal for three decades.
He owns a museum and
laboratories in certain spots
around the country.
And he is an expert on the
relationship between matter,
energy, and the paranormal.
Josh, welcome to the program.
>>JOSHUA WARREN:
Thank you, George.
Great to be back.
>>NOORY: It is always
good to see you,
whether we do live
shows in Asheville
or wherever we go, you're
always there for us, my friend.
>>WARREN: Well, thank
you for saying that.
It's been a pleasure to work
with you all these years.
And it is amazing.
We've done it all.
Every kind of media
you can imagine,
you and I have tackled
it in one way or another.
>>NOORY: And you've now
relocated to Las Vegas, right?
>>WARREN: That's right.
I now have a new
residence in Las Vegas.
Of course, you know my home base
is Asheville, North Carolina.
So I'll always be
traveling back and forth.
But Vegas is a
very special place
to be right now with all of
these new revelations with UFOs
and many other paranormal
things to explore.
>>NOORY: Well, you kind
of stumbled into something
in Las Vegas called
a spacetime anomaly.
>>WARREN: It's a
spacetime anomaly or warp.
Yeah, this was a very
unexpected discovery
because I was looking for
an excuse to go to Area 51,
which is about a two hour drive.
>>NOORY: They won't
let you in there.
>>WARREN: No, they won't.
And, in fact, a lot of
people make the mistake
of thinking that Area
51 is like a Disney
attraction or something.
No.
It's a bona fide, classified
military installation.
But you can get
fairly close to it.
There's a little town
called Rachel that's
near it out in the desert.
And there's not
much else around.
>>NOORY: They have sensors
that depict who you are
and where you are.
>>WARREN: Oh, there's no telling
the technology they have.
They say that they can
pick up the chemicals
that emanate from your sweat.
>>NOORY: If a mouse
goes by, they know it.
>>WARREN: And so when
you drive up there,
it's about a two hour
drive, and I'm telling you,
there is no cell signal.
There are no gas stations.
You're in the middle
of nowhere for a while.
And I recently obtained this
new device called a differential
time rate meter.
>>NOORY: What the heck is that?
>>WARREN: Yeah, I decided I
was going to test this out
around Area 51.
There is this gentleman.
He is a Silicon Valley
engineer named Ronald Heath.
And he has always been a
big fan of the X-Files.
And there's an early
X-Files episode
where Mulder takes
two stop watches,
and he synchronizes them.
And then he leaves
one at his car,
and he takes the other
to a UFO hot spot.
And later when he compares
them, they're out of sync.
So the idea is that something,
when the UFO appeared,
changed the spacetime
in the area.
Some gravity was warped,
something like that,
that influenced time.
This inspired Ronald
Heath to duplicate this
by creating a meter that will
essentially do the same thing.
It's got two chips that
are like two clocks that
are oscillating at 1 million
Hertz simultaneously.
They're separated
by a 100 foot coil.
And they should always
oscillate at the same rate.
But if there is a
spacetime change,
then there's a
little display that
will show you the
amount of the change.
And I thought, you know,
people like Bob Lazar
say that at Area
51, they're working
on gravity-distorting
technology.
So Ronald asked me if
I'd be the first person
to take his device out
into the field and test it.
And I said, I'd be
delighted to and this
sounds like a great
thing to take to Area 51.
So the funny thing is I went up
to Area 51 and spent the night.
And around Area 51,
everything was pretty normal.
But there is this one
spot, about 20 miles north
of Vegas, a nondescript spot
just on the side the road.
I was stopping along the way
taking readings as a control.
Because I imagine,
well, it's probably
going to be normal
the whole time.
And then I get to Area
51 and I get something.
But actually, only this one
spot on the side of the road,
that I just so happened to stop
at because I had a nice area
to pull over, I
discovered an anomaly.
Time actually slowed
down at that spot,
20 microseconds per second.
Now that's a very small
amount, but it's not
supposed to happen.
Now why is the big question.
OK, for one thing, I
found out afterward
that that little spot on the
side of the road in the desert
is one of the most
incredible UFO
hot spots in the entire country,
where amazing footage of UFOs
has been filmed.
People have had close
encounters there.
I went out in the
desert with a guy who
actually had a big triangle
over his car for 10 minutes.
And he said he was so close
that he could have probably spit
and hit thing.
And so he even created a
little model of the UFO
that was over his head.
So the first
possible explanation
is that this is an area
where the UFOs are visiting.
>>NOORY: It's a hotbed.
>>WARREN: And they
are sometimes using,
just like in the X-Files,
some kind of gravity spacetime
warping technology
that tends to leave
a scar in an area
for a while, perhaps.
>>NOORY: Well, let's
take a look at you
in this video
explaining some of this.
>>WARREN: Hello, I'm
Joshua P. Warren,
and I'm on my way to Area
51 for the first time ever.
Of course, Area 51 is the
secret military installation
here in Nevada.
And on this particular
road trip I'm
going to be stopping
along the way
as I get closer and
closer to Area 51
and taking a variety
of measurements.
My trip to Area 51 yielded
some interesting results.
There was not surprisingly
radio interference
near the entrance to the base.
And after dark, using
paratemporal night vision
goggles, I captured some
odd objects flying overhead.
There are even ancient
petroglyphs around the area
showing a mysterious
alien-looking figure
called Pahranagat man.
But the most surprising
result of my trip
was not documented
at Area 51, but much
closer to civilization
just north
of Las Vegas between
Interstate 15 and Route 93.
I was using a new technology,
a differential time rate
meter, or DT-Meter, created by
California engineer Ron Heath.
This device, this time
rate distortion meter,
is able to pick up any little
variation in spacetime.
It compares two points.
A sensor with a meter that
are one hundred feet apart
via a cable.
And it's always detecting
the signal that's
being sent from the
sensor to the meter
and whether or not it's getting
there at a normal rate of time
or more slowly or more quickly.
We stopped at numerous
places between Vegas
and Area 51 for tests.
The only place we registered
a spacetime anomaly
was just north of Vegas near
the Great Basin Highway.
This reading indicates
that, for a moment,
time slowed by 20 microseconds.
That means 20 100
thousandths of a second.
This is only supposed to happen
if a black hole approaches.
So what the heck
was happening here?
And for many years, researchers
have filmed strange lights
on the outskirts of Vegas,
often in this same area.
Is there a spacetime warp
that occasionally allows
us a glimpse of other realms?
My testing of the Vegas
Interstate Time Anomaly,
or VISTA, continues.
Please visit
JoshuaPWarren.com for updates.
>>NOORY: Josh, how exactly
does the DT-Meter work, anyway?
>>WARREN: Well, going
back to that example
in the X-Files of having to stop
watches, it's just like that.
There are two crystal
oscillating chips
that are identical.
>>NOORY: And that's why
we saw these two readings?
>>WARREN: Well,
basically, the reading
is simply taking any sort of
difference between these two
chips over that
span of 100 feet.
In a span of 100 feet, there
shouldn't be a difference
unless something
extraordinary is happening.
And what's even more
amazing is that when
I discovered this anomaly, it
was picked up by the media.
It became viral, it
went international.
It became news all
over the world.
And there were
people saying, well,
surely this must be a mistake.
This is not supposed to happen.
Well, guess what, George.
Since then, another one
has been discovered.
Right here in Colorado,
as a matter of fact.
It was on the History
Channel just recently.
At Mesa Verde, a
group of scientists
who are bona fide rocket
scientists, mind you,
they went and they discovered
another time anomaly
using a different
technique with lasers.
And so I predicted, when I
found this anomaly, that this
was just the beginning.
That these things are
probably all over the place.
But we haven't been
looking for them properly,
and we also haven't had the
user-friendly tools that we now
have in order to find them.
>>NOORY: What are
these anomalies mean?
If you walk into one,
what happens to you?
>>WARREN: Well, let's say we
have a very short duration,
like the one that I discovered.
It was less than a second.
It may be that when you
experience a very brief time
anomaly, you have deja vu.
That's what we're talking about.
You have the sense that
I've seen this before.
That's how it affects the
brain on such a small scale
during that short
period of time.
However, let's expand that,
and let's think about this
on a more extreme level.
You might literally be
able to see into the past.
That is, to see
something like a ghost,
an imprint from the past.
>>NOORY: Or into the future?
>>WARREN: Possibly into
the future, as well.
And you know it's interesting,
because sometimes when
people see a ghost,
they don't just
see the figure of the ghost,
they see the entire setting
from the past.
So you don't just see the
ghost of the old farmer.
You see the ghost of the old
farmer and the old farmhouse.
>>NOORY: And of course, deja vu
being that feeling of knowing
that you've been there before.
That an event had
already occurred.
And you just know
it's happening.
You can feel it.
And you say, well, I've been
here with Joshua P. Warren.
I know what he's going to say.
And you say it.
It's amazing how that works.
Some psychiatrists
think it could
be some anomaly with the brain.
I'm not sure.
>>WARREN: Well, it seems to be
something that we could sense.
Because what is the brain?
It's basically a bunch of
extremely tiny particles that
are all exchanging
electricity back and forth
that would be influenced
by something like this,
however small.
And so when it comes
to the idea that these
may be strewn all around Earth,
we have to ask ourselves,
is it possible that
extraterrestrials
or interdimensionals
or whatever you
want to call them
are aware of these
and actually use
them to navigate?
>>NOORY: And travel?
>>WARREN: Yeah, could
there be some type
of a pattern, a
highway, of these things
that these technologies, these
extraterrestrial technologies,
were to tap into in order
to travel around the planet
more easily?
And is it possible that the
military is, of course, aware
of this?
What are they trying to do?
They're trying to
back-engineer alien technology.
We know that from the
admissions with the Pentagon.
And so therefore, it could
be that in Las Vegas, where
we have Area 51, they're
studying the UFOs
that are already coming there.
But then they're simultaneously
trying to back-engineer them.
And so sometimes these
anomalies might even
be artificially created
by some of the experiments
happening in Nevada.
>>NOORY: These
anomalies that you
think may be scattered
all over the planet,
what would they be called if
we also knew what they did?
Would they be time warps?
What are they?
>>WARREN: I think spacetime
warp is pretty good.
A lot of people are just
calling them a warp.
I mean, I think the whole
Bermuda Triangle is a big one.
Brown Mountain, where
the Brown Mountain Lights
appear in North Carolina,
it's like a miniature Bermuda
Triangle.
There are places on
this planet where
you have a whole spectrum
of strange phenomena.
You go to a spot and people
see ghosts, they see UFOs,
they report abductions,
they have time slips,
they have more
psychic experiences.
And I spent many years
investigating the Bermuda
Triangle.
And the first thing
I had to get used
to when I went to Puerto
Rico to set up my base
there was how time seemed
to be slower than usual.
>>NOORY: Could you feel that?
>>WARREN: Yeah, I
was disoriented.
I for years have done a lot
of work in radio, nothing
compared to you, but
you get to the point
to where if I were
to say right now,
George, give me
30 seconds, you'd
probably be able to do that
without looking at a clock.
>>NOORY: Yes, I would.
>>WARREN: You have that
inherent sense of timing.
And I've got a pretty good sense
of timing like that, as well.
But when I went down there
to the Bermuda Triangle,
that was out the window.
It completely disoriented me
being in that environment.
>>NOORY: By the way, you
just had your 30 seconds.
>>WARREN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Just like that.
Well, these anomalies,
how unusual are they?
They probably have been around
since the beginning of time.
>>WARREN: Yeah, I
would imagine so.
We keep learning more
and more about just how
dynamic Earth is.
Even though we're so
egocentric, sometimes we
look out the window and
everything looks calm,
and so we don't realize that,
no, Earth is a chaotic system.
The magnetic pole has been
shifting dramatically recently.
>>NOORY: And continues to.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
And scientists aren't even
certain what's causing that.
And so in the same way that
we have atmospheric weather
and we have cosmic
weather, we may
have what you can almost think
of as interdimensional weather,
or spacetime weather.
>>NOORY: And you may
have stumbled across it.
>>WARREN: I think I may have.
And I think we're going to
find, certainly over the next 10
years, that this is
much, much more common.
And what I believe is that
as we map these places where
we discover these
significant anomalies,
we can overlay them with
places where people are having
unusual and paranormal
experiences,
and we will see them match up.
>>NOORY: How widespread are the
anomalies in terms of space?
Are they 200 feet wide, 15 feet?
How big are they?
>>WARREN: Well, that's
a great question.
I don't really know
exactly how big they are.
This is so fresh.
I think what we
would have to do is,
instead of using one DT-Meter,
you'd need 10 DT-Meters.
>>NOORY: Could you
literally start
the meter, see the anomaly,
walk, and then the anomaly
goes back to normal?
And then you could say,
oh, I walked 15 feet,
that's how big this area is?
>>WARREN: If you had one that
lasted that long, absolutely.
So far, the only
one that I found
was a very short brief one.
>>NOORY: So it's not ongoing?
>>WARREN: No, it's
almost like a ripple.
It's like catching a breeze,
like catching a current.
>>NOORY: So that makes it
even tougher, doesn't it?
>>WARREN: It certainly does.
But there may be
places, however,
where it does last
for a longer duration.
I haven't taken this yet to
the Bermuda Triangle and some
of those other places.
This is all groundbreaking
fresh stuff.
>>NOORY: You need to find a
spot that it's on constantly.
>>WARREN: Yes.
And I think sometimes
about the story
of how Benjamin Franklin
discovered the Gulf Stream.
He'd heard all these
stories about how
that when ships would travel
from Europe to America,
it would take them longer
to get to America than it
would take a ship to get
from America to Europe.
And nobody knew why.
So as Benjamin Franklin
was traveling to Europe,
he would dip bottles into
the water once in a while
and measure the
water temperature.
And doing this over time, he
plotted these little points.
And eventually he
connected the dots
and it revealed the Gulf Stream,
which of course made navigation
much easier for those
who realized how
to work with it and around it.
So I think we're looking at
a similar situation here.
Over time, I and other
researchers, myself and others,
are going to be plotting all
of these different points
around Earth and
eventually we're
going to connect the dots.
And then we are going
to see that they're not
only is some kind of an
overall systematic design here,
but there will be areas where
they last longer and are
more intense.
And those are going
to be some of our most
revealing paranormal hot spots.
>>NOORY: You have a colleague.
His name is Patrick Burke.
We're going to look at a
video in a second of what
he captured in Gettysburg.
But tell me about Patrick.
>>WARREN: Patrick Burke is
a DC-based investigator.
He's been doing this kind of
research, especially ghost
research, for decades.
And he captured a
piece of video that I
think beautifully
illustrates what
you might see if you
witness a ghost at one
of these places that
has a time warp.
Because you see,
there's a difference
between a spirit being some kind
of a disembodied conscious soul
that's interactive, that's
aware, that's unpredictable,
and seeing something
that literally looks
like it's recorded in the past.
It's like watching
a movie on a loop.
And so he went to the
Gettysburg battlefield,
and he captured this piece of
footage we're about to see.
You're going to see several
snapshots from this.
And what's so interesting
is that in the middle
of the frame, there is
an actual physical human.
That's one of his colleagues.
Now this is being
shot with night shot.
And so you see that the physical
human is actually reflecting
the infrared illuminator.
But in front of him
is a second figure.
This figure is very
clearly humanoid,
but it's also translucent.
So you can see
it's not reflecting
the light in the same way.
But the most remarkable thing
is that as this apparition is
walking forward in
the footage, you
see the apparition
lift his leg up
as if he's trying to
go over a short wall.
>>NOORY: Which is not there.
>>WARREN: Not anymore, but
it was during the Battle
of Gettysburg in 1863.
So we are seeing
an apparition that
is interacting with the past.
This is the kind
of ghostly imprint
that we find at
these places where
we have these spacetime warps.
>>NOORY: Let's look at this.
What is that, Josh?
>>WARREN: On the right
is the apparition.
In this first frame,
look, his leg is bent,
and then he walks forward.
It's that first
frame where you can
see him stepping over
that low wall, where
his leg is bent at this bizarre,
right angle, back at the knee.
Now that is a
full-bodied apparition
from the Battle of Gettysburg.
>>NOORY: Was that a Confederate
soldier or a Union soldier?
Who was that?
>>WARREN: I showed that to our
friend Dr. Bill Forstchen, who
is a great Civil War expert.
And he believes it looks most
like a Confederate soldier.
And there were a
lot of Confederates,
especially at that spot, it's
called the Triangle Field,
that were very savagely killed.
So that's probably a
Confederate soldier.
>>NOORY: Well, we know
Gettysburg is just
loaded with apparitions.
Now if you were to take
this DT-Meter there,
do you think you
would see a reading?
>>WARREN: I do.
I think that if we go to a
battlefield location like that,
it may be that the amount
of emotion that was expended
actually has the same effect
on the spacetime environment
that UFO technology may have.
That there may be
multiple ways of creating
these scars that last, these
ripples, at certain points
in spacetime.
And I find it
interesting, when we
look at the example
of how time relates
to the paranormal
in general, it's
pretty obvious when
you see footage
like we just watched
that maybe you're looking
at something from the past.
But often, you
hear these stories
about the typical guy driving
his pickup truck down the road
in Texas at 10 o'clock
on a Wednesday night,
and all of a sudden here's
the big Spielberg-esque flying
saucer over the highway.
And the truck stops.
It stops working.
Yeah, the engine stops working,
and then the thing flies away
and it starts working again.
He doesn't have to
turn the ignition.
So it's like time was being
paused while he was there.
>>NOORY: Like Richard
Dreyfuss in the truck, right?
>>WARREN: That's right.
And people talk about
missing time when
they encounter these things.
Time obviously applies to
ESP and psychic phenomena
because we have the
concept of being
able to look into the future,
precognition or postcognition,
being able to see into the past.
So time becomes an
integral component
to all of these things that
we consider paranormal.
And I believe that it has been
so difficult for us to predict
when paranormal things are going
to happen because we haven't
been really looking
at the relationship
between these things
and time the way
that we are starting to do now.
>>NOORY: As a paranormal
investigator, Josh,
where's this taking you?
>>WARREN: Well, for
one thing, I now,
after having done this kind of
research for almost 30 years,
have to go back and
reexamine and reinvestigate
all of these places
that I've already been
to using this new technology.
>>NOORY: Are you doubting
things you've done in the past?
>>WARREN: No, I
don't doubt anything,
but I definitely think that
I can open a whole new window
on these things.
>>NOORY: Why are there
ghosts attached to this?
>>WARREN: Well,
I think that when
you consider that
many of these ghosts
actually are an imprint
that's been recorded,
then these places where time
doesn't function the way it's
supposed to, where our brains
don't process time the way
they're supposed
to, they are truly
like windows that allow us
to see what we would usually
call a ghost.
I think most of the time
when somebody sees a ghost,
they're seeing one
of these imprints.
I think it's very
rare for someone
to have an interaction with some
kind of a disembodied spirit.
That happens, but it's a
different type of thing.
>>NOORY: Where will
this equipment take you?
What will it open up for you?
>>WARREN: Well, so far I
have been investigating
Nevada and California.
And my plan is to work my
way across the United States.
>>NOORY: Finding these spots?
>>WARREN: And try to find
anomalies wherever I can.
>>NOORY: Are you
doing it randomly?
Or do you have some inside
information on spots?
>>WARREN: Well, I
do ask for people
to contact me if they've had
some type of an experience
that they think applies
to this because I
know it's impossible for me
to investigate everywhere.
So I'm increasing
my chances by going
to places that already
have some reputation
for paranormal phenomena.
But I also am using controls.
So that's just like
on my trip to Area 51.
I was stopping in
the desert once
in a while to get a baseline.
Because if I only go to places
where paranormal activity is
happening and I don't
have any baseline,
then I'm not going to know the
cause and effect, necessarily.
>>NOORY: So if you find
that at all these spots
there are time warp anomalies,
what can you conclude?
>>WARREN: Well,
what we can conclude
is that there is this
medium that we're
all walking around in that
we're not usually that aware of.
It's almost like
a fish maybe not
being aware that he's in water.
This medium is
spacetime, which is not
something that just affects
phenomena somewhere out
there in outer space.
No.
This affects things
happening in your bedroom,
in your living room, in your
backyard, in your driveway.
These are things that
you come into contact
with on a daily basis
that actually expose you
to inconsistencies in reality.
And those inconsistencies
in reality
are things that we can
either blow off and say,
I didn't just see
what I just saw.
Or we have to
acknowledge that reality
is a much more fluid thing.
And by understanding how
spacetime anomalies connect
with paranormal
phenomena, we're going
to understand more
about what's possible
in the human experience.
>>NOORY: This could be
one of the world's biggest
breakthroughs in the
study of the supernatural,
in the study of science,
physics, all of this.
>>WARREN: Well, in fact,
here's what I've been thinking.
If we can really tell what
creates some of these time
anomalies, then we might be
able to reverse the process
and create a time machine.
So let's say for
example, physicists
tell us that gravity
and spacetime affects
the behavior of light.
So is it possible that we
can take light and use that
in order to affect
gravity and spacetime?
So one of the experiments
that I've been doing in my lab
is taking huge coils
of fiber optic cable
and shooting lasers
through them and trying
to see if I can create the
effect of a spacetime anomaly.
If I can do that, it will
technically be a time machine.
>>NOORY: What is Para-Cymatics?
>>WARREN: Now this is something
that's also fascinating
because it ties
into the research
that I'm doing in my lab.
And the idea that when
you discover something
about how nature
works, sometimes you
can reverse that and
create something new.
>>NOORY: Which you have.
>>WARREN: Yes.
The last time we spoke on
this program I was telling you
about this thing I call
Para-Cymatics, which
essentially what I
would do is take tones,
and then I would turn those
tones into patterns in water,
and then turn those patterns
into symbols or sigils.
And these are little
magical symbols
that can be used for
all kinds of things.
If you want to increase
your odds of seeing a ghost,
if you want to
attract more money,
if you want to have
more vivid dreams.
Whatever your goal
is, the idea is
you take these sigils and
you experiment with them.
I put them on my website,
freely available.
I've talked about
this on your show.
And plenty of people go and
they download these things,
and they tell me
these amazing stories.
So I thought, what if I
take this to the next level?
What I now call
Para-Cymatics 2.0.
If I can take a tone and
turn it into an image,
can I take an image and
turn it into a tone?
>>NOORY: Let's take
a look at this.
So what are we
looking at here, Josh?
>>WARREN: OK, right now I am
bouncing lasers off of images.
And the light from
the laser is going
into a photoreceptive
circuit, which
is processed through a
computer to create a tone.
And that tone is played in
water to give me a pattern.
And that pattern is
turned into a sigil.
>>NOORY: Are you
like a mad science?
>>WARREN: Yes.
And I found it amazing.
OK, let me try to
explain it this way.
You and I may never
get to go back and hear
in person Beethoven conduct
one of his symphonies.
>>NOORY: Most
likely we will not.
>>WARREN: However, he gave
us the next best thing.
He encoded his music as black
dots on a piece of paper.
Sheet music, right?
So now we have the sheet music.
And if we know how to
interpret those dots,
we get to hear the music.
>>NOORY: Over and over again.
>>WARREN: Yeah,
and so it occurred
to me, what if crop circles,
Egyptian hieroglyphs,
the pattern of Stonehenge,
what if these things
which create some type
of striking visual
actually do have
information encoded in them
that we've never
been able to access?
And so how do we play
the music they create?
So I started taking
pictures of things.
And some of them are
things that I'll never
be able to go and explore
in person, like star systems
and stuff like that.
Pictures of, well, a
picture of anything.
You can take a picture
of a dollar bill,
you can take a
picture of Earth, you
can take a picture of
the double helix of DNA,
you take a picture of anything.
>>NOORY: And do what with it?
>>WARREN: Using this
process, Para-Cymatics 2.0,
you can scan it with lasers.
And I'm the first person
to ever do anything
like this, to my knowledge.
>>NOORY: You are
a mad scientist.
>>WARREN: I think that's
a fair assessment.
Yeah, I really do.
But that's how you get
the new breakthroughs.
You've got to be on the fringe
where the wacky stuff is
happening in order to possibly
get something fresh and new.
So by scanning these
different types of images
and getting a tone, you
can listen to the tone
that the pyramids make.
You can listen to the
tone of a $100 bill.
You can listen to the tone
of a picture of George Noory.
I think we're going to look
at some of that in a minute,
as a matter of fact.
And then you can turn
that into a sigil.
So let me give you
an example of this.
I took a $100 bill.
This is a true story.
I scanned it using my
system, Para-Cymatics 2.0.
I got a tone from the $100 bill.
I put that tone into the
water and I made a sigil.
So I have a sigil
of the $100 bill.
Since I'm in Vegas right now,
I went straight to the casino.
I went to a machine, I put
a $20 bill in the machine.
>>NOORY: And let's
look at a picture
while you're telling
us of this $100 bill.
>>WARREN: And I won $1,100.
>>NOORY: Now what did that
have to do with winning?
>>WARREN: I think
that sigil exposed me
to some kind of
an energy pattern.
>>NOORY: All right, here it is.
>>WARREN: There
is the $100 bill.
We all know what
that looks like.
And you hear that
sound, that tone?
That's the tone, that's
the sound of a $100 bill.
>>NOORY: Does every $100
bill sound the same?
>>WARREN: Yes.
And that was the sigil of it.
>>NOORY: What if
it was a $50 bill?
>>WARREN: It would
sound different.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>WARREN: Yes, absolutely.
Everything sounds unique.
>>NOORY: So once you have this
tone, what do you do with it?
>>WARREN: Well, I get
the tone from the bill.
I put it into water,
just tap water.
I see the pattern that
it creates in the water,
and then I turn that pattern
into the sigil, which
was that weird looking
black and white thing
that you saw on screen.
And so the sigil is
like a little symbol
that represents that tone
and ideally would expose you
to the energy of that
particular image.
So I like to think that
maybe everything in reality
is encoded with some type of--
>>NOORY: Its own unique code.
>>WARREN: That's exactly right.
And that's why a lot
of magicians and people
who practice Radionics,
Psionics, they say, all I need
is a picture of the thing.
This is my dream
house, so I'm going
to use a picture
of my dream house
from this magazine to
represent this thing that I'm
tuning my wishing machine for.
Or if somebody is
practicing voodoo,
they'll get a picture
of the person.
Or if you're practicing
any type of manifestation,
vision boards, it's common
for you to get a picture.
And people wonder, well,
does that picture just
help you with your own focus?
Well, maybe that's part of it.
But maybe there is
another intrinsic quality
in that image.
Would you like to hear what
the pyramids sound like?
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>WARREN: Yeah, I've got a tone
of the pyramids and a sigil
from the pyramids.
So let's say somebody wants
to do pyramid research.
Maybe they'll take that
sigil from the pyramid,
put it on the wall of their
office, put it in their wallet,
we don't even know what the
pyramids are really all about.
>>NOORY: I'll let you explain
what we're looking at.
>>WARREN: This is a picture of
the Great Pyramids of the Giza
Plateau.
That's what I scanned.
You hear the tone that it made.
And that tone
produced this sigil.
Now that sigil is a pattern.
>>NOORY: Will that
pattern be the same
for all those same
tones, or do they change?
>>WARREN: Well,
every single image
creates its own unique tone.
And every single tone creates
its own unique pattern
and, therefore, its
own unique sigil.
So one of my first challenges
when I started doing this
was figuring out what
point of view to use.
Because it begins with
the subjectivity of that.
Let's be honest, this is
part art and part science.
I can't say that this is
all some objective hands-off
process.
>>NOORY: Yeah, but
you're the only guy
in the world doing this.
>>WARREN: Yes.
Yeah, well, as far as I
know, I invented this.
And so what I do is I
have to take something
that I find interesting, like,
for example, the pyramids
and say, OK, if I'm going
to scan an image of them,
what point of view do I use?
And in this particular
case, I chose
to use an overhead
bird's eye view.
>>NOORY: You have a picture
of me that you've also used.
>>WARREN: I took a
picture of George Noory,
I got the tone it created, and
I created a George Noory sigil.
>>NOORY: All right,
tell us about this.
>>WARREN: OK,
there's your picture.
I had to convert it
to black and white.
I scanned this with lasers.
Hear this tone?
This is the tone that
your image created.
And this is the
George Noory sigil.
And I'm going to
email this to you.
>>NOORY: What do I do with it?
>>WARREN: Well, if you carry
that thing around with you--
>>NOORY: The sigil?
>>WARREN: I think if you carry
your own sigil-- and believe it
or not, George, you are
the very first person
I've ever done this with.
I've never even
produced my own sigil.
But I thought it'd be a
cool thing to do for you.
I think that if you carry
your own sigil in your pocket
and look at it as
often as possible
that you are probably
going to have the most
incredible synchronicity.
And, as charismatic as
you are, you will probably
be 10 times more charismatic.
And I don't know exactly
what will happen.
But I think you
will start seeing
magical things materializing
around you like never before.
>>NOORY: Why?
Send it to me.
>>WARREN: Oh, I will.
You're reinforcing your
own bioenergy in a way
by condensing it into a
particular focused spot.
>>NOORY: I'll be
your experiment.
>>WARREN: OK.
Yeah, I'm going to
send this to you.
And we'll talk and see
what happens to you.
But anybody can go to my
website and get these sigils.
JoshuaPWarren.com.
Get them for free.
You don't have to
sign up for anything.
I tell you exactly how
to experiment with them.
And try it out and
see what happens.
And not a day goes by I
don't get at least one email
from somebody who has had
an amazing experience using
a sigil.
So now it's pretty cool to
have this whole new batch
of sigils that are coming
from scanning these images.
>>NOORY: You merely
just carry it with you?
>>WARREN: That's it.
I think you should
probably look at it, also,
at least once or twice a day.
It's good to have
it as a screensaver.
>>NOORY: How big is it?
>>WARREN: Well, the sigil
is just a little symbol.
It can be as big or as
little as you want it to be.
>>NOORY: So what we saw was
just a little tiny thing?
>>WARREN: That was a
giant close-up of it.
But, yeah, it's like
a postage stamp.
Yeah, just look at it.
Or, I tell you what, when I
created the very first money
sigil, people
started emailing me.
And they were having
so much success
attracting money, getting
inheritances, and hitting
jackpots, they tattooing the
sigils that I created in my lab
on their bodies.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
>>WARREN: Yeah, and they were
doing that because it works.
>>NOORY: Well, I've got
a few trips coming up,
so get it to me and
we'll begin the research.
>>WARREN: I think we
should create a whole bunch
of different ones.
And as much as you
and I both travel,
we'll experiment with a
lot of different patterns.
>>NOORY: It's amazing that
you've been able to do this.
You literally can
change people's lives.
>>WARREN: That seems
to be happening.
When you're in my position
and every single day
you get emails from
people who are saying,
I'm using this technology--
if we can call it that--
I didn't buy anything from
you, I didn't pay you anything,
you're freely giving this away.
I went and I used it and let me
tell you this incredible thing
that happened.
And this cannot
be a coincidence.
I really can see, it is
changing people's lives.
And I just got contacted
by a lady yesterday
who hit a Powerball
jackpot using this.
>>NOORY: You should
patent this thing
before it gets in the hands
of too many other people.
>>WARREN: Part of what I
like is giving things away
freely because I believe
very strongly in karma.
>>NOORY: But this is your idea.
>>WARREN: Yes.
But you can't really
protect anything
on the internet anymore anyway.
So you may as well give it away.
Let people have these
wonderful experiences.
Let researchers
discover new things.
Let's benefit from all this
collectively as humans.
And then I know that that
will always come back to me
in a way that's probably
even more rewarding than what
I would get from a patent.
>>NOORY: Joshua,
tie this together
with what we talked
about earlier.
And that was, of course,
things that are going on
with these anomalies out
there in space and time
with the sigils and
the frequencies.
Where is this all taking you?
>>WARREN: So ultimately,
this is about exploring
the relationship between
matter and energy.
You see, when I began as
a paranormal investigator
I was focusing mainly on ghosts.
>>NOORY: Yeah, now you sound
like you're into deep science.
>>WARREN: Well, what I
found is that eventually,
whether you're looking
at how a ghost manifests
or how a flying saucer
may traverse space
or you're looking at how the
human consciousness works,
they all are about exploring
the relationship between matter
and energy and what the
limits of that may be.
What are the possibilities?
And so whether you're
trying to manifest a ghost
or you're trying to
travel through spacetime,
we're really
talking about trying
to learn how energy changes
from one form to another.
And they call that transduction.
It's like if you
take a quartz crystal
and you apply electricity
to it, that crystal
will resonate and vibrate.
Or if you put stress
on that crystal,
it will produce electricity.
The crystal is
that medium that's
transducing and changing
that energy from one form
to another.
From electrical power
to mechanical power
and back and forth.
And so if we understand these
relationships between images
and tones, between spacetime
and strange human experiences,
then we're going to
have a fuller, more
comprehensive picture of
what this entire thing called
reality is and how it relates
to the human experience
so that we can work with
it, we can develop it,
and we can improve
it to make our lives
as positive and productive
and abundant as possible.
>>NOORY: That
would be fantastic.
A few years ago,
Josh, you sent me
what you called a
wishing machine.
Let's take a little
look at this and then
we'll have you explain
how this thing works.
>>WARREN: Imagine a box that
can make your wishes come true.
Both good ones and bad ones.
It's a box with simple knobs.
There is an input and an output.
It may be the holy
grail of technology.
It's weird in every way.
A proper name eludes us.
So we call it simply
the wishing machine.
When I wrote "The Wishing
Machine Workbook,"
I didn't know what to expect.
I mean, these are
Radionic printed designs,
and I'd had a great deal of
success using them in my life.
But I wasn't sure how well they
would work for other people.
And you can imagine
just how impressed
I was after a few
weeks to have received
stacks and stacks
of grateful letters
from people claiming that the
information in "The Wishing
Machine Workbook" had
improved their lives,
had improved their finances,
their relationships,
their health.
And many of the people who
use this, all over the world,
they said, hey, we want
to take the next step.
We now want to use a
physical wishing machine.
Now a physical wishing
machine is the type
that I have used personally
for years and years
to improve things
in my own life.
Now this is just a wooden box.
It has nine knobs.
It has no battery.
It doesn't plug into the wall.
This is not powered by
traditional electricity.
This is a mind-powered machine.
It's designed with a
very special circuit
inside to take your
intent, to tune it
for a particular wish or
desire, and to transmit it.
Here we have a
metal input plate.
And here we have an
output plate, also
known as a stick plate.
So the first thing we want
to do is put something
on the input plate to represent
what you want to affect,
because Radionics
is based on the idea
that everything in the
universe, every concept,
every combination
of circumstances,
has its own frequency,
what we call a rate.
So you want to
first find the rate
for what you want to deal with.
So let's say, for example,
we have a guy named Joe.
And Joe has lost his job and
he doesn't have any money.
The first thing we want to do
is represent the concept of Joe
without money.
Now you can do that in
many different ways.
It's similar to creating
a specimen for some type
of a voodoo experiment.
In fact, a lot of people
call this technoshamanism.
But here's one way you
could represent it.
If we have this piece of
paper, we can write on it, Joe
without money.
And maybe Joe even
signs his name.
And then we might even
take one of Joe's hairs
and tape that onto it.
You could put a picture of Joe.
There are lots of
different things
that you could do
to represent Joe.
But this is the concept
of Joe without money.
So we're going to take
this sample, this specimen,
and we're going to put
it on the input plate.
Now the next thing we have to
do is find the frequency for Joe
without money.
Here's where the
knobs come into play.
While we have this
on the input plate,
you would then gradually
turn the first knob.
The knob can go from 0 to 10.
As you turn the knob, you stroke
the output plate, or the stick
plate.
Now it's a plastic surface
and it feels rather smooth.
But as you turn this knob,
there will come a point
when something weird happens.
All of a sudden
the smooth surface
will fill sticky, like
it grabs your finger.
That's why we call
it a stick plate.
When you get that
sensation, that
is the subjective
feedback that indicates
that you have reached the right
frequency, or the right number,
for this knob.
So let's say that
happened on this knob
when we got to the number 2.
So now we move to the next knob.
And we do the same thing.
We turn it clockwise while
stroking the stick plate.
And let's say it
sticks at the number 4.
Let's say we do the same
thing with the third knob.
And this time it
sticks at the number 6.
And so on.
You would do this with
each one of the knobs
until you have a
nine-digit number.
This nine-digit number is the
rate for Joe without money.
But what we want, however,
is the opposite of that.
We want the frequency
of Joe with money.
So what we do is reset the
knobs now to the inverse.
So you would continue repeating
this with each one of the knobs
here until you have reset the
knob to its inverse position.
And then you're done.
That's it.
You simply take the box
with the specimen on it
and you put it away in a
nice quiet, peaceful place.
And ideally, what you
desire will come true.
That's how the
wishing machine works.
I think that these devices,
by some means not fully
understood, are like a map,
a map for your thoughts
and for your intentions.
It allows you to take
your wishes, whatever
they may be, and focus
them on a particular goal
and get there faster.
So we're doing this experiment
for a very limited time,
making these physical wishing
machines available to you.
I hope that you'll buy one.
I hope that you will help
us with this experiment.
I think that your feedback
will be fascinating.
And I think this will be a
fantastic introduction for you
into the vast and wonderful
world of Radionics,
and I wish you good luck.
>>NOORY: How does
this thing work?
It's got these little
dials and knobs and stuff.
And yet you can wish for
things electronically,
and they happen.
>>WARREN: It's even
weirder than that
because some of these wishing
machines don't even plug in
or have batteries.
We found that when
they plug in, they
seem to help you manifest
things more quickly.
And I think that may
be because the brain is
an electrical machine.
And maybe when there is
an electrical field being
broadcast, somehow it becomes
an extension of the brain,
of the mind.
When people ask, how does
the wishing machine work,
the short answer
is, we don't know.
But here is my theory on that.
>>NOORY: And who invented it?
>>WARREN: The wishing
machine, as we know it,
was invented by a physician
named Dr. Albert Abrams.
And he developed this
in the early 1900s.
And he got into
trouble because he
was a very esteemed
medical doctor,
and he was saying that
this could heal people.
But he couldn't explain how.
And that's not acceptable
in the world of science.
So for a while it was
dismissed as quackery.
But then other scientists
realized that this doesn't just
apply to the health
experiments that he was doing.
You can use these wishing
machines in order to manifest
and materialize things in
an almost miraculous way.
My feeling about how
it works is that--
Engineers talk about this thing
called sympathetic resonance.
So in other words,
if a man walks
in to a room that's empty
except for two identical pianos
and he goes up and bangs
a chord on one piano,
the other piano will play that
same cord even though he never
goes near it.
And you can see this if
you go on the internet
and look at tuning forks.
Somebody will strike
one tuning fork
and another one nearby
picks it will start singing.
That's sympathetic resonance.
That when you project
something out there,
it activates a corresponding
signal that comes back to you.
And so I think that
we do this every day
to a certain extent when we
are sending out something
into the ether, something
into this spacetime medium,
through consciousness.
But the problem is, we
get distracted constantly,
now more than ever with the
invention of the smartphone.
So you don't get to
stick with a thought
long enough sometimes for it
to make the kind of impression
that you want.
This device, though, the
wishing machine, it does
have a very strange
circuit that includes
some very special quartz
crystals, getting back
to the power of quartz.
And I believe that when
you set an intention
into a wishing
machine and you go
through the very simple
process of tuning it, suddenly
this becomes automated
sympathetic resonance.
You can put that
thing away and then
you can go figure out what
you're going to have for dinner
or what time you have to get
up in the morning or whatever.
And that thing is sitting
there, continuing to broadcast
your intent on your behalf.
And so I call it automated
sympathetic resonance.
>>NOORY: How often does
it work in a positive way?
>>WARREN: Well, I have
been using them now
for close to 20 years.
I actually have about 10 of
them running at any given time.
>>NOORY: Simultaneously?
>>WARREN: Yes, on different
wishes and different projects.
I see things manifest
every single day using
a wishing machine.
You can use it for
anything you want.
And the great thing
about a wishing machine
is that not only does
it work most of the time
if you use it properly,
within limits.
I mean, you're not going to
be able to fly like Superman
or live for 1,000
years or whatever.
If it can function
within the natural laws,
then it's something
that you should
be able to accomplish
with a wishing machine.
And when I set these
things up, sometimes I
use some for long-term goals
and some for short-term goals.
Like, for example, if
I'm working on a book
and I want it to be
a success, I might
set a machine for six months.
But if I'm going to have
a picnic in two days
and I want it to
be nice and sunny,
and I'll set one
for something that's
going to work a
little more quickly.
>>NOORY: Is it only
for positive things?
What if there's someone who
gets one and wants to put curses
on people or something?
>>WARREN: You can do that.
>>NOORY: Will it work?
>>WARREN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Then there's a
malfunction somewhere.
>>WARREN: Well, you know how
they say about computers,
garbage in, garbage out.
It's the same thing
with a wishing machine.
It will produce what
you put into it.
But the good news is, it's
not like some leprechaun
wish or some monkey's
paw, where you make a wish
and there's always some
pay that you have to make.
It's not like that.
It will only be capable of
producing what you put into it.
So what that means is if
you are an evil person
and you sit down, and
you're like Darth Vader
and you use the force for the
dark purposes, you can do it.
But it would be
foolish to do that.
Because guess what's
going to happen?
It's going to come
right back to you.
Yeah, it ultimately is a
way of working with karma.
And I believe that
it only makes sense
to put positive energy into
it because, ultimately,
at the end of the
day, you're going
to receive what you put out.
And so people, they get
angry, they feel betrayed,
they want revenge, and
they use wishing machines.
And I will caution
against one thing.
I do know some people who
don't believe in karma.
And they think if they
do negative things,
there's no consequence.
But I don't believe that.
I understand that
good and evil are
subjective things
and different people
have different opinions of that.
But still, if you're going
to try to hurt somebody,
well, you're probably
the one who's
going to end up being
hurt in the end.
>>NOORY: I think so.
I think that's absolutely true.
It's an amazing apparatus.
I remember when you first talked
about it on "Coast to Coast"
and then you sent me one to
experiment and play with.
I'm still dabbling with
it, by the way, Josh.
I haven't made any
big specific wish.
But I'm still trying
to figure it out.
But you laid it out
pretty well for people,
and it's well constructed.
>>WARREN: Well,
thank you very much.
And I have Dr. Mulder
to thank for that.
He is the best wishing
machine maker in the world.
And he's made thousands of them,
they're all over the place.
And so he and I partnered
up on what we call
the wishing machine project.
So I can help educate
people on what
these things are, and
he's the engineer who
puts them together.
And you know, one
of the great things
about the wishing
machine is that sometimes
if you get a wishing
machine and you
start thinking about
what you want to wish,
you realize what a
nice life you have.
That's probably what
happened to you.
You've got a good life,
and so probably you
sat down there and
thought, I'm not
sure I need to
wish for anything.
So sometimes it helps
you appreciate the things
you already have.
>>NOORY: Actually, you
know what I wish for?
I wish for things
for other people.
>>WARREN: Well, that could be
a dangerous business, as well.
Yeah, because sometimes
you may think that you know
somebody's circumstances
when you really don't.
>>NOORY: But they're good
things, they're good wishes.
>>WARREN: You just
got to be careful.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
A warning from Joshua P. Warren.
If people want the washing
machine, how did they get it?
>>WARREN: If you go
to JoshuaPWarren.com,
you'll find links there.
Or you can just go directly
to WishingMachineProject.com
and there are tons of
educational materials
there for free.
Video, audio, all
kinds of stuff.
So if you just want to
learn more about it,
go directly to
WishingMachineProject.com
and you'll find everything
you can imagine there.
>>NOORY: Beyond these little
anomalies around the country,
what else are you working on?
>>WARREN: Well, right
now I am in the process
of building a very special
laboratory in Las Vegas.
>>NOORY: What kind
of laboratory?
>>WARREN: It's not only going
to be a functional laboratory,
but it's also going to
be a show laboratory.
>>NOORY: Now when I
think of laboratory,
I'm thinking of beakers and
test tubes and everything else.
>>WARREN: It'll have
all that stuff in it.
There will be a lot of
electrodynamic stuff.
I'll have wishing machines.
I have a huge Tesla coil.
I was on national
TV last Halloween,
shooting lightning
bolts out of this thing.
Tesla coils, Van de Graff
machines, wimshurst generators,
Para-Cymatics.
I have a whole list of
things that I want to do.
Time travel experiments,
as I was saying.
>>NOORY: Is this going to be a
visiting laboratory for people?
>>WARREN: I'm going to
open it up maybe about once
a month for tours.
And not only just tours, I'm
going to be there in person.
>>NOORY: As the mad scientist?
>>WARREN: You get to meet
the mad scientist in person.
And I will take
you right in there,
and I will spend a
few hours with you
and I will demonstrate
stuff for you.
And sometimes the
things that I talk about
sound so extraordinary,
people just
have to see it to believe it.
>>NOORY: But I have
witnessed you over the years.
What you say and what you
do are the same thing.
>>WARREN: That's right.
And I want people to be able
to see that for themselves.
I want them to walk in the
door and say, let me show you
how I create this sigil.
Let me show you the
result that I get
when I charge up this object.
>>NOORY: Look at this
picture of Noory.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
And show them how it's done.
And I'll have not only
the lab working there,
I'll have studio
space similar to this
so I can shoot demonstration
videos more easily.
I'll have a stage, where I
can do presentations, maybe
workshops, classes
from time to time.
It's going to just be
a center of innovation
and learning and sharing the
likes of which have probably
never been produced before.
And so this is one
of my big life goals
to see if I might be able to get
it done this year or next year,
at least make some
progress on it.
I think it'll just keep getting
bigger and bigger and bigger
because I'll just need more
and more space as time goes on.
>>NOORY: And you're
going to keep
the museum in Asheville going?
>>WARREN: Absolutely, yes.
The Asheville Mystery Museum is
one of the most popular tourist
attractions in Asheville,
North Carolina.
We have the haunted
Asheville ghost tours,
which I believe are
the largest walking
tours in the state of
North Carolina now.
And so people come
from all over the world
every year, they take the
haunted Asheville tour,
they visit the Mystery Museum.
I've got my lab there where
I can work on things when
I'm in North Carolina.
So I'm in a pretty exciting
spot in my life right now.
>>NOORY: In our final
moments here, Josh,
give us an update
of Robert the doll.
>>WARREN: I knew you're
going ask me about Robert.
>>NOORY: I end have the
show without getting
an update on Robert.
>>WARREN: He seems to
be doing very well.
There was a period
of time when people
would contact me and tell me
about all these terrible things
that had happened to them when
they would go to see Robert
the doll.
But believe it or not, I
think, thanks to people
like yourself and myself
talking about this enough,
telling people, you'd better
be respectful of this doll.
>>NOORY: If you like him,
he'll treat you well.
>>WARREN: Say
something nice to him.
Don't take his picture
without asking permission.
He doesn't like that
for some reason.
>>NOORY: Don't belittle him.
>>WARREN: Not at all.
I think the message
has finally hit home.
And now I am
getting to the point
where I am receiving more
messages from visitors
to Key West who are
saying, I actually
have had good luck since
I came in into contact
with Robert the doll.
>>NOORY: Is he still in the
glass hermetically-sealed box?
>>WARREN: He is
still well-protected.
He's over 100 years
old, and he is fragile.
So they keep him there in the
East Fort Martello Museum,
and he is the star of the show.
>>NOORY: He's got an interesting
smile on his face, doesn't he?
>>WARREN: Kind of
like the Mona Lisa.
You're not sure exactly.
Is that a smile, is that
a frown, is that a smirk?
What is that?
But I can swear sometimes
it seems to change right
before your eyes.
When I first met Robert
the doll in person,
he had a very standoffish
expression on his face.
>>NOORY: He didn't know
how to figure you out.
>>WARREN: Yeah.
And I came to him, and I
felt silly, but I said,
what the heck?
I said, I'm Joshua P. Warren.
I'm from North Carolina.
I've come here to
do a study, and I'm
going to get on
"Coast to Coast AM"
and tell millions of people
about it, and blah, blah, blah.
And suddenly, I could have
sworn that turned into a smile
on his face.
And since then, he and I
have been best friends.
>>NOORY: You would
not mind having him
in your house at night?
>>WARREN: No, I'd love
to have Robert the doll.
I even tried to buy him and
they wouldn't sell him to me.
He is priceless, yeah.
And I also find that people
become obsessed with him.
They become infatuated with
him, and it transcends money.
So he's where he deserves to be.
I'd rather see him
in a museum where
he's cared for,
where also visitors
from all over the world can
come and see him and have
their own experience than
to have him locked away
in the prize collection
of some billionaire.
>>NOORY: Does he have a
pet with him, a pet dog?
>>WARREN: He's got a lion.
Yeah, it's a little
stuffed lion.
>>NOORY: It's always
been with him?
>>WARREN: Yeah.
Apparently, the little boy
that the doll was made for,
he loved to go to the zoo.
And his favorite
animal was a lion.
Yeah, and so when that doll
was being modified for him,
they put a little
stuffed lion there.
And then he used to wear
a little sailor outfit.
So basically, Robert the doll is
kind of like a big voodoo doll.
He's a big representation
of the kid.
>>NOORY: Josh, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>WARREN: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: He brings us
incredible stories of anomalies,
of ghosts, of hauntings,
of special tones.
I can't wait to try out
my sigil and find out
what's going to happen with me.
I'll let you know on a
future "Beyond Belief" show
if the luck changes.
I'm George Noory, and
thanks for watching.